Previously. on
"Bull"...
I'm considering leaving TAC
and going to work
for Bradley Lena.
You're leaving?
Goodbye.
I can make you a full partner.
No. You're too late. Bull.
I'm happy where I am.
Ms. Rentzel?
I'm Special Agent Delgado.
You recently met a young woman
by the name of Zola Macer.
a hacker. goes by "Tidal."
TAYLOR:
You're asking if my son
can move to Hawaii?
I thought we could
at least discuss it.
There's nothing to discuss.
I'm not living clear
across the country
from my six-year-old son.
I got a call
from the attorney
representing
Erik Rentzel.
Being in the middle of
a criminal investigation
isn't gonna play well
in family court.
Erik is suing me
for custody of Mauricio?
[Bird calling]
Can you believe this?
This is crazy.
But I wouldn't say no
to some overtime.
Yeah.
Oh. Heads up.
The boss is here.
Hey!
Can someone tell me
what the hell I'm doing here
at 10:00 a.m. and not
a damn thing's getting done?
I'm sorry. Mr. Krenell. but...
You know how much
this is costing me?
I know. It's just
we got a situation.
He said his name is
"Dimitri Gillard" or something.
- Apparently. he owns the place.
- Owned.
I'll handle it.
[Clears throat]
Sir.
we're gonna need
you to leave.
No.
I understand how difficult
this must be for you.
but everything's been decided.
All the checks
have been sent out.
I'm sure you got
yours. right?
My grandpa started this shop
92 years ago.
- Sir. that's not the...
- I live right upstairs.
That's where I was born.
My wife died there.
And I'll be damned if
I'm gonna let you flatten it.
Mr. Gillard.
you've been paid.
so now it's time to move on.
Oh. yeah.
About that check...
I got a couple of ideas
of where you can stick it.
[laughs. mutters]
Start the demolition.
Well. he's
still there.
Don't worry. He'll move.
Take it down.
MAN: You got it.
[Indistinct chatter]
[Metal sign creaking]
[Engine starts]
Over my dead body!
So you almost
ran over a 73-year-old man?
Mr. Gillard wasn't harmed.
and thanks to his antics.
the building's
still standing. too.
I sympathize
with Mr. Gillard.
but the city has a legal right
to demolish that building.
And he was paid fair market
value for his property.
So this is an eminent domain
situation. Councilwoman?
Yes. A judge granted
approval for the city
to convert several buildings
in that neighborhood
for the public good.
BULL: So you're planning
to knock down
three blocks full
of homes and businesses
to put up an office park.
Not just any office park.
Dr. Bull.
The Tidemarsh Tech Hub
will be a mecca
of innovation and commerce.
It'll bring in hundreds
of high-paying jobs and
increase the city's
revenue base.
All for the low. low price
of one neighborhood.
CHUNK: So if this has already
been signed off on.
why are you coming to us?
KRENELL: Because Mr. Gillard
wasn't just
chained to his shop.
Ah.
You're being sued
for civil fraud?
Mr. Gillard is claiming
the Hub was designed
to line the pockets of those
of us on the City Council
- and Mr. Krenell's company.
- CHUNK: It's smart.
It's basically
the only way
to get an eminent domain
approval overturned.
And if he succeeds.
the project will be dead.
Mr. Krenell. it says here
your firm donated
hundreds of thousands of dollars
to the campaigns
of City Council members?
This is New York City.
Giving donations
is standard operating procedure
if you want
to get anything done.
I spearheaded this project.
and as you'll see.
I didn't accept
a penny from
Mr. Krenell.
We did this the right
way. I promise you.
I'm sorry. I just...
I don't think that we're
the right firm for this.
You guys have got
hundreds of lawyers
in your employ.
I'm sure one
of 'em can handle this.
This case will be tricky
to navigate with a jury.
And Mr. Gillard hired
an upstart. new firm
trying to make
a name for itself.
Apparently. they got some sort
of. uh. data wizard on staff
who specializes
in jury analysis.
I'm sorry.
What's the name of the firm?
[Elevator bell chimes]
[Gasps]
Good luck.
Hey. whose side
are you on?
Everybody's? I don't know.
This is so weird.
BULL:
Ah.
Bradley Lena. You've met
Chester Palmer. I think?
Of course.
And Marissa. don't you look terrific.
Very well rested.
Must be nice not having
to juggle so many cases.
Oh. we're very busy.
I'm just sleeping better.
Wonderful.
So. uh. you asked for
a settlement conference.
I'm assuming you have a
proposal you want to throw out?
Right. Take your time with it.
Although I think
it's fairly concise.
You're offering
our client a stall
in the Tech Park's
food court?
Yes. In perpetuity.
In New York's
real estate market. I'd say
what we're offering Mr. Gillard
is veritable a gold mine.
It's a stall.
It's nine feet
by five feet.
Ooh. that's a typo. I think
it's actually closer to eight.
Either way.
it is quite a generous offer.
Considering
the court has already
awarded the city eminent domain.
and your client. Mr. Gillard.
has been paid a very fair price
for his property.
Your clients
displaced Mr. Gillard and
hundreds of other tenants
and business owners
by fraudulent means.
You have no proof of fraud.
What you have is a client
who is resisting progress.
People have been displaced
all over this great city.
That's how we got
the Brooklyn Bridge.
that's how we got
Central Park.
our amazing
subway system.
Do we regret those decisions?
Your client isn't building
Central Park.
It's a cubicle farm.
It's a mecca for innovation.
MARISSA:
Okay.
Bull. you've made your point.
wasted everyone's time.
Congratulations.
This meeting is over.
Don't bother showing us out.
I know exactly where
the exit is.
I guess I'll see you in court.
All right. see you in court.
Is this how this whole thing
is gonna play out?
What are you talking about?
[laughs softly]
You knew they weren't gonna
accept this offer.
It's a power move. Have them
come all the way up here
- and...
- Not true.
- It was a completely legitimate offer.
- Bull.
you didn't want any part
of this case
until you found out that Marissa
was gonna be on the other side.
Now. when can we dispose
with all of the score settling
and just get back to the law?
There are no scores
being settled.
She chose to leave this
company and work for our rival.
We always knew
this day would come.
where we would face off
against each other.
Here we are.
So I say we just
rip the Band-Aid off.
So what if it hurts a little?
[♪ ♪]
*BULL (2016)*
Season 06  Episode 11
Episode Title: "Family Matters"
Aired on: January 20. 2022.
I still can't believe Erik's
suing for full custody.
We didn't even
fight over custody
when we first
got divorced.
- Mm.
- I've seen this happen before.
Things are simple when both
parents live in the same town
after a divorce. but when
lives start to change...
He can't take Mauricio
to live in Hawaii.
- Please tell me we can stop him.
- I believe we can.
New York courts favor
maintaining parental rights.
Oh. that's good.
Mauricio has spent his
entire life in New York City.
He's settled
in his school here.
That'll count
with the judge.
He absolutely loves
his school.
Mrs. Summers. his teacher...
He talks about her
literally all the time.
The one trouble area
is your association
with this hacker. Tidal.
But while it's not ideal.
we're going to...
It's ridiculous this Tidal
thing is even an issue.
I knew her for. what?
Like. three days?
I've had naps that have lasted
longer than that.
But you know Erik's team
is gonna make us out
to be some sort of the
new Thelma and Louise.
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves.
Erik knows I would never
associate with a criminal.
- He's the creep who had me followed.
- Taylor!
Sorry.
Your frustration is
completely understandable.
But don't worry.
We'll handle the Tidal situation.
I've helped parents maintain
custody with far
bigger strikes against them.
- Really?
- Absolutely.
But there's something
I need you to understand.
During the hearing. both you
and Erik will be on display.
and the judge will be
watching everything.
So you have to keep
your anger.
no matter how justified.
under control.
You don't have to
worry about me.
I work for a trial
science company.
I know how to behave
in a courtroom.
Not this one.
Family court's
a whole different animal.
The issues being decided there
are incredibly primal.
It's the place where people who
never fall apart. fall apart.
So the most important thing
for you to do is keep your cool.
Good morning.
It's voir dire prep day.
Is there anything better?
I can think of a few things.
It was a rhetorical question.
What you thinking?
We have the home
court advantage.
How's that?
This is New York City.
and everybody knows
if you look closely enough
at any major project.
you're probably gonna
find something fishy.
Or a body buried
in the foundation.
You. my jaded friend.
are exactly the kind of New Yorker
we want on our jury.
Someone who understands you have
to walk through the gutter
to get to the other side
of the street.
Okay. so. jaded New Yorkers.
That's not bad.
Any idea what Marissa's
gonna be thinking?
Oh. I know exactly
what Marissa's gonna be thinking.
She is gonna go all in
for traditionalists.
These are folks
who place a high value
on maintaining the city's
history and uniqueness.
Makes sense to me.
Any thoughts on questions?
Yeah. I was thinking...
Uh...
What are you doing?
This is exactly who Bull will
expect us to try to seat.
We have to stay one step ahead
of him.
All right. So what now?
Bull's snap judgements
on people are spot-on.
Better than anyone
I have ever met.
But the fact is. people are more
than first impressions.
Thank God or I never
would've gotten a date
back in high school.
Bull's weakness is
that he doesn't always dig deep.
That is what I am good at.
and he still doesn't have
a replacement for me.
- No. he does not.
- I've already started
analyzing our jury pool.
Instead of just considering
one or two
controlling factors.
like we did at TAC.
I think the better move
is for me to look at dozens.
I am gonna know
these jurors so well.
Bull will not have time
for instinct.
Well. this all sounds amazing.
but I have to point out
that voir dire
starts tomorrow.
Well. I never said
it was gonna be an easy night.
but I'm gonna be ready.
Oh. Yeah.
With the knuckles. Yup.
- Thank you.
- There it is.
[Clears throat]
Damn. Marissa came prepared.
I'll take my gut instinct
over her charts
and graphs any day.
Counselors. when you're ready.
- Good morning.
- JURORS: Morning.
Today. I'd like to talk
to you about rats.
You. sir...
How do you feel
about the city's rat situation?
It's disgusting.
But what are you gonna do?
You don't think that
we can get rid of them?
JUROR NUMBER SIX: [laughing]
You're kidding.
First. you got
to get new trash bins.
The garbage trucks got
to pick them up more often.
That takes money.
And you'd probably
have to poison a bunch of 'em.
And you know. people have
opinions about that.
Nah. it'd be like doing
anything else in this city...
A pain in the ass.
[Chuckles]
Your Honor.
juror number six
is acceptable to the defense.
Juror number six is also
acceptable to the plaintiffs.
Jurors number 12. 15
and 19 are also acceptable.
Aren't you gonna ask them
any questions first?
No. Your Honor.
We have all the information we need.
CHUNK:
Uh. one moment.
please. Your Honor.
[Whispering] I may have underestimated
Marissa's charts.
So what do we do?
Well. when you're going to lose.
there's only one thing left
you can do...
Kick over the board.
What are they up to?
No idea.
but I don't like it.
Excuse me. Could I
have the attention
of all of the juror
candidates. and including
jurors in the gallery?
Uh. who here has been arrested
by the NYPD?
And if you would. please.
keep your hands raised.
Um. anyone's business
has been cited
by the city?
And finally.
Who here
has received
a parking ticket?
Your Honor.
we request that all
of the juror candidates
with their hands raised
be excused for cause.
Well. they've all suffered
at the hands of the city.
They won't be impartial.
Crap. He is trying to change out
the entire jury pool.
All my research
will be useless.
We'll be flying blind.
Your Honor. this
is ridiculous.
Everyone has
parking tickets.
That's not true.
I don't have parking tickets.
I don't even drive a car.
And it looks like
I'm not alone.
JUDGE:
Mr. Palmer. I'm inclined
to agree
with plaintiff's counsel.
This feels like a stretch.
I suppose we could file
an interlocutory appeal.
See what the appellate
court thinks.
No. That won't be necessary.
The court thanks
and dismisses
all the jurors
with their hands raised.
Your Honor. at this rate.
we won't be able to seat
anyone on this jury.
Do you think I've never
sat juries before. Counselor?
I'll pull in more jurors
from the central jury room.
It'll be fine.
Was that bad?
Oh. uh. uh...
No. no. no. no. no.
Recycling's around the corner.
Grab some lunch
and regroup?
[Sighs]
Bull loves a curveball.
I should have been
more prepared for that.
Ah. it doesn't matter.
Right now.
you're living rent-free
in that guy's head.
The more time he spends
focused on you.
the less time he's
focused on the case.
Now. have we worked
together long enough
to eat ramen in front
of each other?
[Elevator bell dings]
I got the updated
witness list.
Looks like Erik's team
just added a new one.
Who is Rachel Ness?
- Rachel?
- Yeah.
She's Erik's ex.
Guess she's not such an ex
anymore.
Erik and I were together
for about a year and a half.
We took some time apart.
and reconnected two months ago.
But I think the break
helped focus us.
We're more committed than ever
to the relationship.
Won't maintaining
a relationship be difficult
with Erik relocating
to Hawaii?
Um. actually...
I'll be moving with him.
DAVIS: And have you and Erik talked
about what kind of role
that you would play
in Mauricio's upbringing?
We have. Obviously. it's gonna
be a big transition for him.
And since I'm not planning
on working once I get there.
we thought I could help him
with the changes
- by being his full-time caregiver.
- Mm-hmm.
And you mentioned
you've been dating Erik
[whispering]
for close to two years now.
And I'm guessing
that you've observed both his
and Ms. Rentzel's
relationship with Mauricio?
RACHEL: I have.
Erik's an amazing dad.
incredibly devoted.
It doesn't matter if he's got
a deadline or a big deal.
He's always there
for Mauricio. Always.
- [Rachel laughs]
- DAVIS: And Ms. Rentzel?
Taylor is great. too.
I mean. she loves
Mauricio to bits.
There is no question about that.
It's just...
with her. it feels like
it's one work emergency
after another.
And I know
she's doing her best.
but even I have had to step in
and watch Mauricio several times
because she was too busy.
[Whispering]
That's not true.
It's way more complicated
than that.
[Sniffles]
How dare you.
You think
I'm the bad guy? Me?
Whoa.
Guessing he didn't tell you about
our little sleepovers. then.
What-What is she talking about?
We had sex while you were dating
and probably still would be
if I hadn't called it off.
What the hell are you doing?
Oh. that's too low?
But you get a free pass
to take my son away from me?
You think I'm doing this
just to spite you?
This is about Mauricio.
That's a damn lie!
Taylor. come with me.
PATRICIA: Okay.
Just because you're screwing
someone who doesn't care
about having a career doesn't
make you a better parent!
Taylor.
Let's go. Now.
Are the plaintiffs ready
to call their first witness?
Yes. Your Honor.
We'd like to call
Thomas Krenell to the stand.
They're calling me?
- Are they even allowed to do this?
- Objection.
Your Honor. this is
purely theatrical.
On the contrary.
Your Honor.
This case is about
real estate development.
Calling the developer
at the center of it all
seems like a logical
place to start.
And as you're well aware.
defendants are fair game
in a civil trial.
JUDGE: Overruled.
Mr. Palmer.
Plaintiff may call the witness.
You'll do great.
[Groans]
I wasn't prepared
for Krenell to take the stand
until we called him.
He hasn't been fully prepped.
He is what he is... an arrogant
real estate developer.
I don't think our jaded
New Yorkers will care.
BRADLEY:
Mr. Krenell.
can you confirm
that the area indicated here
in yellow is where you plan
to build your Hub development?
Yes.
And did you direct
your investment partners
to purchase properties
adjoining the Hub development.
indicated
here in red.
months prior to
any public announcement
of the project?
Yes. I did.
Isn't it true that.
since then.
their value has increased
more than sixfold?
- Your point?
- I guess I'm a little confused.
At every public hearing
where the project was discussed.
you swore it was the best thing
for the community.
But really.
it was the best thing
for you and your investors.
isn't that right?
I never claimed
to be a non-profit.
Just because I made money
doesn't mean it wasn't good
for the city. too.
Our jaded jurors
look bored.
BRADLEY:
Would you say. then.
that you considered
the concerns of the community?
Of course I did.
With the court's permission.
we'd like
to introduce
an audio recording taken
at the August 17
annual property group meeting.
Objection! This hasn't been
properly introduced. Your Honor.
BRADLEY: As Mr. Krenell is the
subject in the recording.
he can authenticate it himself.
I'll allow it.
Proceed.
KRENELL: [on recording]
Every deal I've done.
investors have been worried
about public backlash.
community opinion.
These people. "the public"
you're so scared of...
At the end of the day. they just
want to be told what to do.
They're nothing but sheeple.
They'll moan and complain.
but you give them a place
to buy a Big Gulp.
scratch-off lotto tickets.
and they'll follow along.
fat and happy.
Objection. Your Honor.
This is unduly prejudicial.
It's a cheap trick
by plaintiff's counsel
to inflame the jury.
[Quietly]
And it worked.
Our jurors might ignore
some low-level fraud.
but no New Yorker worth their
salt is gonna ignore an insult.
Any idea
where I can get a lotto ticket
and a Big Gulp around here?
Never mind. I'll figure it out.
See you tomorrow.
What was that you said about New
Yorkers not ignoring insults?
They made Krenell look
like a real ass in there.
Yeah. I don't like being
caught on my back foot. [Sighs]
Listen. we better find out
if there's any other
boogeymen in Lisa's closet.
Danny's been looking
into the councilwoman.
She's a Girl Scout.
But I can have her dig deeper.
Yeah. let's go Grand Canyon
deep. shall we?
I want to know everything
she touched in office.
Every stop sign she
was responsible for.
every baby she kissed
on her way there.
Is there anything
that we can do?
I'd like to catch them
on their back foot.
Well. I thought you were
above settling scores.
I am. but it's like we used
to say about tackling.
It's nothing personal.
but sometimes.
you just got
to lay somebody out.
Well. they threw
dirt on our guy.
Let's dig up some on theirs.
All right.
we've got your T-shirts.
your pajamas.
your underwear.
Wait. Where are your socks?
Squeeze 'em in there. kiddo.
All right.
Are you and Daddy mad
at each other?
Why do you say that?
Because you both seem mad.
Well. sometimes mommies
and daddies have
to figure things out.
But you don't need
to worry about that.
'cause we've got it
all handled. okay?
Okay.
I love you
more than anything.
[Knocking at door]
[Sighs]
Hey. there.
Right on time.
Good. Mauricio. you ready?
- I'll have him call in the morning.
- Perfect.
Uh-oh.
My Iron Man toothbrush.
Just so you know.
Rachel and I haven't
mentioned the custody hearing
or said anything negative
about you in front of Mauricio.
Like we agreed.
I didn't want it this way.
Well. you made it this way.
Well. I'm stopping by Dimitri's
to squeeze in
a little extra prep
before he gets
on the stand today.
Okay. I'll see you
at the courthouse.
Bye. Bradley.
Dimitri. you're not supposed
to be open yet.
Y-You're not allowed to do
business unless we win.
There were customers waiting.
How could I turn them away?
Well. I...
Morning.
Ah. you know each other?
This is why I love New York.
I'll grab a place setting
so you can join your friend.
Bull sent you. didn't he?
Hmm. Maybe I just wanted
some good hash browns.
You got to go.
All right. I'll go.
You know. uh.
you got Bull pretty fired up
over this case. right?
Good.
Oh. Your friend left already.
That's too bad.
Did you talk to her?
Oh. yeah. She asked all kinds
of questions
about my place.
the neighborhood.
that fire we had
a couple of years ago.
She was real easy
to talk to. I bet.
What did you tell her
about the fire?
Mr. Gillard. did you light
your own business on fire?
That's ridiculous.
Of course not.
I love the Tough Penny.
It's my home.
But it's also your business.
And in the four months prior
to the fire.
your business was suffering.
Sales were down
almost 20%.
is that correct?
It was a little slump.
They were fixing the sidewalks.
It was hard
for people to get in.
But a big check
from an insurance company...
Well. that surely
would have helped out
with that little slump.
No.
That's not how it was at all.
Mr. Gillard.
this is a verified copy
of the insurance claim
that you filed.
Can you read for the jury
what is stamped
across the front of this page?
"Rejected."
CHUNK: And isn't it true that
the insurance company
rejected your claim
because the investigation
that they conducted
into the cause of the fire
came back as inconclusive?
They couldn't determine
whether it was an accident
or arson.
They just didn't want to pay.
The grease trap wasn't cleaned
properly. That's what happened.
Or maybe.
maybe the city and Mr. Krenell
are not the frauds.
You are.
Objection! Inflammatory.
- That was low.
- What are we talking about?
You know very well
Dimitri didn't try
to burn down his place.
If this was
about money for him.
he would have cashed
Krenell's check.
It was four times what that
insurance policy was worth.
Well. it doesn't matter
what I think.
It matters
what the jury thinks.
Dimitri's a good man.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
For what?
Making the other side look bad?
That's the game.
This isn't
about making Dimitri look bad.
This is about
making me look bad.
Oh. it's about winning.
[elevator bell dings]
That's what TAC does.
We win.
If you didn't want
to be on the losing side.
you shouldn't have left.
The whole time
I was on your team.
I always thought you had a code.
But I guess you're not
the person I thought you were.
When you were working
with Zola Macer.
the hacker who goes by "Tidal."
were you aware that she was a
person of interest for the FBI?
No. I had no idea until I was
contacted by Agent Delgado.
And did Agent Delgado
arrest you?
No. He questioned me
about my knowledge of Ms. Macer.
but he never brought any charges
against me.
So the FBI found no criminal
activity on your part?
No.
Because I hadn't done
anything wrong.
PATRICIA:
Ms. Rentzel.
earlier in the proceedings.
we heard mention
of your demanding
work schedule.
Would you agree
with this characterization?
It's challenging
and important work.
So. yes. it can be demanding.
And honestly. yes.
sometimes I do find it difficult
to balance my work
and home life.
Isn't that true of almost all
working mothers?
But if I need to cut back
my hours to keep my son.
I will absolutely do that.
PATRICIA: Just to be clear.
you're willing
to reduce your work load
if the court determines
it's necessary
for you to maintain custody?
Yes. I'll do whatever it takes.
Mauricio is the most important
thing in the world to me.
He always has been.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
Ms. Rentzel. isn't it true
that your work for the Trial
Analysis Corporation...
It doesn't just require
long hours.
it can also be quite dangerous.
as well?
No. I wouldn't say that.
DAVIS:
You wouldn't?
Didn't you just testify
that your work forced you
to associate
with an alleged criminal?
I work in criminal defense
So. yes. on occasion.
I'm going to encounter
an alleged criminal.
Just like lawyers and judges
and anyone who works
in the justice system.
But I've never felt like
I was in any danger.
So. you didn't feel like
you were in danger
when there was an anthrax attack
at your office
two years ago?
That was a hoax.
There was never
any anthrax involved.
It was just
someone trying
- to scare us.
- Well. what about when
your boss. Jason Bull's child
was kidnapped a few months ago?
Was that a hoax?
That had nothing to do with TAC.
Really? Didn't you
and your work colleagues
handle that kidnapping
without the aid
of the police?
Yes. but... And isn't it true
that in the wake
of the kidnapping.
you told your ex-husband
you feared for
Mauricio's safety?
TAYLOR:
I didn't...
I didn't mean it like that.
Something terrible had just
happened to someone I knew.
so. yes.
of course it had an impact.
Excuse me. Counselor.
if I may?
Of course. Your Honor.
Did you or did you not fear
for your child's safety
because of your job?
In that moment. yes. but...
I was just...
...emotional.
[Indistinct chatter]
Hmm.
Hold up.
What's this?
I don't know.
[Chuckles]
Sounds promising.
Well. I've been making my way
through the truckload
of documents
the city sent over.
Everything
Lisa ever touched.
And? Well. eight months
before plans were announced
for the Tidemarsh Tech Hub.
the city initiated a structural
integrity inspection
for Dimitri's block.
These kind of inspections
are like shortcuts
for municipalities wanting
to redevelop.
So if they find a building
is dangerous.
it's easier to condemn.
And no tricky eminent domain
proceedings to manage.
So what did they find?
Well. that's the odd thing.
Nothing. because
they halted the inspection
when they got
to Dimitri's building.
Well. that's interesting timing.
Very. My guess is.
there may be more to this story.
and that story may not be
a good one for our clients.
But I'll keep digging.
- see what I can find.
- I'm not sure we want to do that.
- What do you mean?
- Right now. the absence
of a completed inspection report
is a nothing.
But if we keep digging.
and we find a little something.
I am afraid that that will fall
under Marissa
and Bradley's
discovery requests.
and we will be obligated
to share it with them.
Aren't we obligated now?
Is there an argument
to be made
that we don't have
to share it with them?
Chunk?
There can be an argument made
for all manner of things. Bull.
But that doesn't
mean you should.
Okay. send that on over.
That way. when Marissa
eventually loses.
she will have toay
that we were 100% above board.
But there's no reason
to do their job for them. so.
put as many documents
as you can get your hands on
on top of that.
If we're giving Marissa
the needle.
we might as well give her
the whole haystack.
[line ringing]
MARISSA:
Hey.
Sorry. I know I'm not supposed
to be calling you
because of the case
and everything. but...
No. I'm glad you called.
How are you?
I'm... I'm okay.
[Sighs]
Taylor. what's going on?
I'm... not okay.
[Crying]
I'm terrified.
The custody hearing
isn't going well?
I'm afraid
I'm going to lose Mauricio.
And everything they're saying
about me. it's all true.
I thought I was doing
the right thing:
Taking this job.
working hard
to provide for my son.
setting an example.
But they're making it sound
like I'm screwing up Mauricio.
I don't know.
Maybe I am.
No. That is complete crap.
I know you.
You are a great mom.
So what if you work hard?
You shouldn't have
to apologize for it.
But...
MARISSA: No buts.
Just keep fighting.
no matter how ugly it gets.
It's already so much uglier
than I ever thought possible.
I mean. Erik and I have had our
problems before. but this...
It's the nature of trials...
Inherently adversarial.
It's cutthroat.
It's even more painful when
you have a personal relationship
with the other side.
Are things getting ugly
between you and Bull?
WOMAN:
Uh. Ms. Morgan.
someone just dropped off
some documents for you.
[Grunts softly]
Sushi or Thai?
What? For takeout.
It's gonna be a long night.
but I think
if we jump in right away.
we can get through it.
Have you forgotten
about the Bolen Equity dinner?
We'll have to reschedule.
That's not an option.
If we land this client.
it'll be huge.
Dimitri is our client right now.
And servicing him
should be our first priority.
We took Dimitri's case pro bono.
It's good for our image.
but it doesn't keep the lights on
or fund my sneaker habit.
Bradley. there could
be something in here
that wins us the case.
We can't ignore this.
Oh. come on.
Don't be naive. Marissa.
Bull's playing us.
He's sendi us on a snipe hunt
so that we'll stay up all night
and be useless
in court tomorrow.
Our firm is all
about the future.
I'm gonna go win us
some new business.
Are you coming or not?
No.
[Elevator bell dings]
Uh. is Marissa wearing the same
dress she had on yesterday?
Well. I have no idea.
The bigger question is...
Who's that guy with her?
I found the snipe.
BRADLEY:
Mr. Woods.
how long have you been
a structural inspector
for the city?
Almost 22 years now.
This is a work order for the
structural integrity inspection
ordered by the city on the
Tough Penny in December 2019.
Is that your name.
where it indicates
the inspector
on the project?
Yes. it is.
- So you conducted the inspection?
- Not exactly. I mean.
I began the inspection.
but I never finished it.
And why is that?
During the inspection. I found
what looked like a Redding Cornice.
BRADLEY:
What's a Redding Cornice?
It's a type of ceiling molding.
but it was only used by one
architect: Mary Stuart Redding.
She was one of the first women
architects in the Northeast.
Why would the discovery of this
cornice stop the inspection?
It's protocol. Almost everything
Mary Stuart Redding touched
is considered historical.
We needed
to do a landmark review.
Is that an involved process?
It can take up
to three years.
And while the
review's going on.
you're not allowed
to touch a thing.
You can't even replace a toilet
without having
a committee meeting about it.
BRADLEY: So the demolition
of a building
with these cornices would
certainly be off the table?
Yes. Definitely.
But a landmark review was
never conducted. Why is that?
I was told
to drop the whole damn thing.
My inspection. notifying
the landmark committee.
all of it.
Who told you to stop?
She did.
Councilwoman Nash.
BRADLEY:
Did she tell you why?
No. The next thing I knew.
they announced
this Tech Hub project.
Thank you.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
It looks like that nothing
was a something after all.
"We the jury find for
the plaintiff. Dimitri Gillard.
"that the actions
of the New York City Council
"and Thomas Krenell
were fraudulent
according to the laws
of the state of New York."
Oh.
Thank you so much.
We'd. uh. better wrap it up
if we're gonna make it
on time. Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
[Door opens.
footsteps approaching]
All rise.
Court is now in session.
FOLEY:
Good afternoon. In the case
of Rentzel v. Rentzel.
I have reached a decision.
It is the State of New York's
strong preference
to allow parents to retain
their custodial rights
whenever possible.
Unfortunately.
having Mauricio spend
half the year in school
in New York and the other half
in Hawaii is simply
not practical. Therefore.
the current 50-50
custody arrangement
cannot continue.
Given Mr. Rentzel's
superior support network
and the troubling questions
surrounding
Ms. Rentzel's ability
to care for
and protect this child.
I find it is
in Mauricio's best interest
to grant full legal
and physical custody
to Mr. Rentzel.
[Exhales]
♪ Growing distant ♪
♪ For a long while ♪
♪ Could you listen ♪
- No.
- ♪ Before there's nothing left ♪
♪ To say ♪
♪ We're firing off
in different ways ♪
♪ We do this all the time ♪
♪ And I'm over and out. ♪
[Sobbing quietly]
We can appeal.
The judge said it himself.
They want
to maintain custodial rights.
The important thing is that
we are gonna keep fighting.
This isn't over.
not by a long shot.
I need to pick up Mauricio
from the babysitter.
I can't let him
see me like this.
[Crying]
I don't want him to be scared.
I'll be right back.
[Crying]
[Exhales]
You know. for a man
who just got
everything he wanted.
you look pretty miserable.
I'd really like
to be alone right now.
It's a funny thing
about winning. isn't it?
When you're in the fight.
you'll do anything.
You'll kick.
scratch. claw...
bite.
Anything...
to win.
And you just get so
fixated on it
that you never stop to ask
why...
...why...
do we want it so bad?
And was it worth it?
So was it?
You can't take him from me yet.
It's still my day.
Hey. wait! Wait!
I need to talk to you.
- You've said enough.
- You were right! You were right.
I think a small part of me
was doing all this to hurt you.
My God. Erik.
But that is because
you hurt me. too.
When we got back together.
it was not
just for fun
or a distraction.
I thought maybe...
[exhales]
Anyway...
that's not why I'm here.
Why are you here?
[laughs]
Do you remember the...
yellow blanket
with the giraffes Mauricio used
to... drag around
with him everywhere?
What does that have
to do with anything?
He loved that blanket.
And one day. when I took him
to the zoo.
he insisted on bringing it.
But on the way home.
he fell asleep.
and I forgot it on the subway.
He cried for hours.
He wouldn't eat.
he wouldn't sleep.
So then you came over
to talk to him.
Five minutes later.
he was quiet.
Yeah. I remember that.
Well. I peeked into his room.
And... there you were
holding his hand
while he slept.
[Sobbing]
Mauricio looked so peaceful.
And...
in my gut. I knew why.
Because you are his real
security blanket. Taylor.
Nothing else
comes close.
I want to be with Mauricio
more than anything. but...
[sighs]
I love him too much
to take him away from you.
What are you saying?
Erik is granting you
primary custody?
I know. It's crazy.
He'll still have Mauricio in
Hawaii for summers and holidays.
We're gonna figure out a way
to make it work.
I am so. so happy for you.
And it's the right thing.
Did Erik mention why he had
this big change of heart?
Honestly. I have no clue.
I just... thank God he did.
Yeah.
Oh. it's getting late.
I promised Mauricio I'd take him
over to the park.
Of course. go!
I-I'll talk to you later.
I doubt we'd have won
without that aborted inspection.
I can't believe
Bull turned it over.
What do you mean?
Well. if it were me.
I'd have buried it so deep.
no one would've ever found it.
Even if you thought it fell
within the discovery requests?
I don't understand the question.
It would have been
an ethics violation.
If a tree falls in the woods...
I'm gonna squeeze
in a workout before dinner.
See you tomorrow.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
Hey.
Oh. uh. sorry.
I still had my key.
So I let myself in.
I have been saying
we should change those locks.
I was on my way
to my office.
and I suddenly had a
craving for TAC's coffee.
It's understandable.
because it is
the very best coffee in the world.
[chuckles]
I know
what you did for Taylor.
Oh. come on.
I gave a little nudge.
that's all.
Yeah. well. that
nudge changed her life.
And I was wrong.
The other day
at the courthouse.
- Oh. I don't know about that...
- No. no. no. Let me finish.
You're exactly the person
I thought you were.
When your people need you most.
you're always there.
Let's not get carried away.
You know. the other night.
when I was going through
that truckload of documents
that you dumped on me?
I was alone.
Bradley thought
it was beneath him.
Oh.
But you would've
been there with me.
Or at the very least
Danny would've been... or Taylor.
[laughs]
Having your name on the door
doesn't mean much
if it doesn't feel like home
when you walk inside.
So. did you mean it
when you said
that we could be partners?
True partners?
Absolutely.
Then I guess there's only
one thing left for us to do.
What's that?
To us.
Oh!
Before we. uh...
toast. can I...?
Can we switch mugs?
What?
Well. it's just...
This is my mug. sorry.
Oh. I'm sorry. I thought
we were partners...
- what's yours is mine kind of thing.
- Yeah.
It's just my mug.
It's because it's...
This is my...
Happy?
Thrilled.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Synchronized by srjanapala